
Date: October 19, 1997
Purpose: Plan for the caves


	Ok, now that I've got the history written there, I'll give you a bit more of the practical side
of this area/plane.  It's gonna be a part of the Prime material plane, but it's completely
underground.  The upper level will be simple caves, appearing mostly natural with orcs in the
topmost level and goblins in the next level down.  This will be a newbie oriented area at this
point.  It's not really designed for a level 1 character, but low levels should not have too much
trouble.
     From the goblin level there will be a couple of ways to proceed downward, into what was
once the dwarven mines.  They'll be inhabited by subterranian monsters.  Each level will
become more dangerous, the monsters becomming more and more powerful the deeper they
go.  Down in the lowest levels of the dwarven mines, there will be a breakable wall which will
lead into the underground city.  Yup, the demon is still imprisoned there.  This is where things
get interesting.
     The metamorph, which has been a personal project for quite some time, will be in the top
level of the wizard tower, and will be guarding the wizards staff.  There will also be a couple of
clues in the library, as well as some of the areas in the dwarven mines.  The demon is
imprisoned in a giant gem in the center of Malichai's tower, but has discovered a way to
infulence this world outside the gem, and his power has been growing.  The only way to stop the
demon will be to release it from the gem, then kill it.  This thing was an ancient demon in the
days of the city (About 1000 years ago), and now it's just pissed.  Adventurers stu... err, craz...,
umm, brave enough to try will find this thing is POWERFUL.  It's gonna be a quest for REALLY
high level adventureres, and a party of them at that.
     Well, there it is.  I'm still working on the specifics.  I'm looking to get at least the upper two
levels up and running by october 31, 1997, but I don't know if that's gonna happen.  The whole
thing will probably take a while.

						-Morrigu The Berserker
