Cyanide removed Spooner from the Guest domain.
Cyanide removed Spooner from the Prime domain.
Cyanide demoted Draconis to Speaker in the Prime domain.
Cyanide demoted Draconis to Builder in the Prime domain.
Cyanide demoted Spooner to Domain Lord in the Theme domain.
Cyanide removed Gasman from the Prime domain.
Cyanide demoted Gasman to Domain Lord in the Ocean domain.
Cyanide removed Shya from the Prime domain.
Cyanide removed Calewiz from the Prime domain.
Cyanide demoted Sebastian to Neophyte in the Arctic domain.
Cyanide removed Panzergiest from the Guest domain.
Cyanide removed Panzergiest from the Guest domain.
Cyanide removed Faith from the Prime domain.
Cyanide removed Knitsu from the Prime domain.
Cyanide removed Sydex from the Prime domain.
Cyanide demoted Dyrin to Neophyte in the Prime domain.
Cyanide demoted Marcus to Neophyte in the Guest domain.
Cyanide removed Marcus from the Guest domain.
Cyanide removed Cyanide from the Guest domain.
Spooner removed Valkyrie from the Guest domain.
Cyanide removed Nsd from the Guest domain.
Spooner demoted Valkyrie to Neophyte in the Prime domain.
Cyanide removed Leyna from the Guest domain.
Cyanide demoted Spooner to Domain Lord in the Teaching domain.
Cyanide demoted Darkangel to Speaker in the Teaching domain.
Cyanide removed Dyrin from the Prime domain.
Cyanide removed Darkangel from the Prime domain.
Cyanide demoted Spooner to Elder in the Teaching domain.
Cyanide demoted Spooner to Domain Lord in the Teaching domain.
Cyanide removed Cyanide from the Training domain.
Spooner demoted Raven to Speaker in the Theme domain.
Spooner demoted Raven to Builder in the Theme domain.
Spooner demoted Raven to Speaker in the Theme domain.
Spooner demoted Raven to Builder in the Theme domain.
Cyanide removed Nemar from the Guest domain.
Cyanide removed Nsd from the Training domain.
Cyanide removed Nsd from the Planar domain.
Cyanide removed Dreams from the Guest domain.
Spooner removed Nemar from the Training domain.
Spooner demoted Raven to Speaker in the Teaching domain.
Spooner demoted Raven to Builder in the Teaching domain.
Spooner demoted Raven to Neophyte in the Theme domain.
Spooner demoted Raven to Domain Lord in the Theme domain.
Spooner demoted Raven to Speaker in the Theme domain.
Spooner demoted Raven to Builder in the Theme domain.
Cyanide removed Jyd from the Guest domain.
Spooner demoted Raven to Neophyte in the Theme domain.
Spooner removed Vera from the Teaching domain.
Cyanide demoted Raven to Neophyte in the Theme domain.
Cyanide removed Raven from the Theme domain.
Cyanide demoted Cyanide to Speaker in the Planar domain.
Cyanide demoted Valkyrie to Speaker in the Theme domain.
Cyanide demoted Valkyrie to Builder in the Theme domain.
Cyanide demoted Valkyrie to Neophyte in the Theme domain.
Cyanide removed Valkyrie from the Theme domain.
Cyanide removed Penumbra from the Guest domain.
Cyanide removed Aurora from the Prime domain.
Cyanide demoted Nightmask to Speaker in the Guest domain.
Cyanide demoted Nightmask to Speaker in the Guest domain.
Cyanide demoted Nightmask to Builder in the Guest domain.
Cyanide demoted Nightmask to Neophyte in the Guest domain.
Cyanide removed Nightmask from the Guest domain.
Cyanide removed Sebastian from the Training domain.
Cyanide removed Ashdraven from the Prime domain.
Spooner demoted Raven to Speaker in the Theme domain.
Cyanide removed Sophia from the Training domain.
Cyanide removed Mrdarque from the Training domain.
Cyanide removed Dreams from the Prime domain.
Cyanide demoted Nsd to Speaker in the Teaching domain.
Cyanide demoted Nsd to Neophyte in the Planar domain.
Cyanide removed Nsd from the Planar domain.
Cyanide demoted Darkangel to Speaker in the Teaching domain.
Cyanide demoted Darkangel to Builder in the Teaching domain.
Cyanide demoted Darkangel to Neophyte in the Teaching domain.
Cyanide demoted Darkangel to Speaker in the Teaching domain.
Cyanide demoted Darkangel to Builder in the Teaching domain.
Cyanide removed Herself from the Training domain.
Cyanide demoted Nightmask to Domain Lord in the Law domain.
Cyanide demoted Nightmask to Speaker in the Law domain.
Cyanide demoted Nightmask to Builder in the Law domain.
Spooner demoted Nsd to Builder in the Teaching domain.
Spooner demoted Nsd to Neophyte in the Teaching domain.
Spooner demoted Nsd to Speaker in the Teaching domain.
Cyanide removed Shallar from the Training domain.
Nsd demoted Penumbra to Neophyte in the Teaching domain.
Cyanide demoted Spooner to Speaker in the Teaching domain.
Cyanide removed Cyanide from the Teaching domain.
Cyanide demoted Shallar to Neophyte in the Prime domain.
Cyanide removed Shallar from the Prime domain.
Cyanide demoted Shallar to Neophyte in the Prime domain.
Cyanide removed Shallar from the Prime domain.
Nsd demoted Tyran to Neophyte in the Teaching domain.
Cyanide removed Tyran from the Training domain.
Cyanide removed Nemar from the Training domain.
