Wizards on Mortal Remains are the builders and coders of the mud, and have
 a great deal of responsibility and a number of rukes to work under.

First and foremost, no wizard may EVER in any way assist a player in the 
game (this excludes helping a player out who is stuck by a bug). Thus, a
wizard may not clone or code equipment for a player, give a player money,
reset a monsters experience point value, alter hit points, etc. Doing so 
is punishable by immediate dewizzing for the wizard involved.

Wizards are organized by two factors, the domain they code for, and the 
rank they hold.

The domain or domains a wizard codes for is basically the section of the 
MUD for which they code. Some examples of domains are as follows:

    Ancients - Administrative and mudlib coding
       Prime - The starting area and other central locations.
      Planar - Various 'non-Earth' worlds and planes of existance.
         Law - Wizards of the Law domain have the job of making sure the
               rules are enforced.
       Theme - Wizards in the Theme domain are responsible for the 
               maintaining if rhe MUD's theme integrity, as well as public
               relations and MUD advertisement.
    Training - Usually a new wizard just learning how to code.
       
Within each domain, a wizard will hold a rank. The wizard ranks are as
follows, from lowest to highest:

    Domainless - This is a wizard without a domain assignment. They are at
                 the bottom of the immortal food chain, and are usually
                 very new.
      Neophyte - A relatively new wizard who has not yet mastered the 
                 basics of coding.
       Builder - A wizard who can code basic objects and has a basic area
                 somewhere on the MUD.
       Speaker - A wizard who has mastered the basics of building, and is
                 learning "special" coding techniques.
   Domain Lord - A Domain Lord is the head of a particular domain. They 
                 will possess strong coding skills and report directly to
                 the administration.
         Elder - A few domains will have Elders instead of domain lords.
                 They are essentially highly trusted advisors for the MUD's
                 administration.
 Administrator - The people behind the scenes. These people know the lib
                 inside and out, and have final say in any decision.